README.md, before:

# Yarn Plugin: Secrets Management

## Description

This Yarn plugin assists with environment management for your JavaScript projects. It leverages the "setupScriptEnvironment" hook to wrap secretsOps providers, such as Doppler, injecting the appropriate environment variables into your process.

The plugin is particularly useful when your projects are organized in a specific manner on your secretsOps provider. For instance, if your Doppler projects are categorized as "frontend-e2e", "frontend-docs", etc., this plugin will match these with their equivalent scopes in your Yarn workspace, such as "@scope/docs", "@scope/e2e", and so on.

Currently, the plugin defaults to using "frontend" as the prefix for matching. Support for passing custom prefixes is not available due to the limitations of the Yarn plugins SDK.

## Installation

`yarn plugin import https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yarinsa/yarn-plugin-secrets/v0.0.1/bundles/%40yarnpkg/plugin-secrets.js`

## Usage

Plug n Play, just install :)

## Matching Logic

The core logic of this plugin lies in its ability to match Doppler projects with their corresponding scopes in your Yarn workspace.

By default, it assumes a prefix of "frontend" for Doppler projects. For example, if you have Doppler projects like "frontend-e2e", "frontend-docs", the plugin will look for scopes in your Yarn workspace such as "@scope/docs", "@scope/e2e".

Please note, changing this default prefix is currently not supported. 

## Limitations

- Custom prefix support: As of the current version, this plugin doesn't support passing custom prefixes due to the limitations in Yarn plugins SDK.
- Infisicial support: While this plugin doesn't currently support Infisicial, we are considering adding this support if there's demand.

## Future Enhancements

We're looking forward to expanding the capabilities of this plugin. 

- [ ] Supporting Infisical
- [ ] Doppler: Infer project from doppler.yaml
- [ ] Doppler: Improve error handling, such as missing token, binary, etc.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions!

## License

GNU GPLv3

Permissions of this strong copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights.

Commit message:

deploy build both providers for release
# Conflicts:
#	README.md

README.md, after:

# Yarn Plugin: Secrets Management

## Description

This Yarn plugin assists with environment management for your JavaScript projects. It leverages the "setupScriptEnvironment" hook to wrap secretsOps providers, such as Doppler, Infisical  injecting the appropriate environment variables into your process.

## Installation

| Plugin   | Command |
|----------|---------|
| Doppler  | `yarn plugin import https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yarinsa/yarn-plugin-secrets/v0.0.3/packages/core/bundles/%40yarnpkg/plugin-secrets-doppler.js` |
| Infisical | `yarn plugin import https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yarinsa/yarn-plugin-secrets/v0.0.3/packages/core/bundles/%40yarnpkg/plugin-secrets-doppler.js` |


## Usage

Plug n Play, just install :)

## Future Enhancements


- [] Doppler: Infer project from doppler.yaml
- [] Infra: Generic progress at top level
- [] Providers: Improve error handling, such as missing token, binary, etc.

(You are welcome to suggest new features)

## Contributing

We welcome contributions!
The build process for different providers is still manual. Consider it a tech debt, hoping to add more infra and contribution document soon.
## License

GNU GPLv3

Permissions of this strong copyleft license are conditioned on making available complete source code of licensed works and modifications, which include larger works using a licensed work, under the same license. Copyright and license notices must be preserved. Contributors provide an express grant of patent rights.
